# Configuration Details #

Each bot (GmailBot.py and YahooMailBot.py) uses a configuration file from which it retrieves certain parameters for operation. While not all the configuration parameters described below are used at present, we may expect to make use of all of them in the near future.

Each configuration parameter is specified in the configuration files in a line of its own. The parameter name and its value are separated by a '=' symbol. Spaces around the '=' symbol are ignored. Parameters may be separated by any number of empty lines or comment lines. A comment starts with a '#' symbol. Comments may also be added after a _parameter = value_ line.


---


**Parameter Name** : _acctUserId_
> This parameter specifies the user Id as which the _drvAccountCrawler_ will login. For Yahoo, you need to specify the entire emailId (like codexaddict@rocketmail.com, or trashcode@yahoo.com). For Gmail, you may specify only the username part of the ID (like _codexaddict_ for _codexaddict@gmail.com_). However, if the domain is not _gmail.com_, then you need to specify the entire email Id.

**Parameter Name** : _acctPasswd_
> This parameter specifies the password for the account specified by _acctUserId_.

**Parameter Name** : _outputDir_
> This param specifies the directory in which all the output files are dumped. This directory should be writable by the user as which the bot will run.

**Parameter Name** : _attachmentsDir_
> This param specifies the directory in which the attachments from a message are dumped.

_Note_ : _The attachments are dumped with filenames that are generated by the bots based on the subject line of the email message that contained the attachment. All non-filename characters are stripped and whitespaces are replaced with '`_`' character._

**Parameter Name** : _outputFormat_
> This parameter specifies the format in which the data will be dumped in the output file. At present, only CSV is supported. In the near future, XML will also be supported.

**Parameter Name** : _numThreads_
> This param specifies the number of threads the bot will spawn to perform the operation. Currently, there is no support for multiple threads, and hence this param is not used. Have it in my wishlist.

**Parameter Name** : _canResume_
> This param specifies if the bot can be restarted after being paused by the user (possibly by using ctrl+c). Not used at present, but certainly on my wishlist.

**Parameter Name** : _Logging_
> This param specifies the location and the name of the log files for the bots.